Add support for redshift spectrum [sc-11994] (#340)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/redshift/README.md

> > Note: If the Redshift cluster contains more than one database, you must grant the permission in all databases. Alternatively, you can limit the connector to a subset of databases using the [filter configuration](../common/docs/filter.md).

Reviewer: I don't think this is relevant any more?

Author: Yes. We use different approach to get these metadata. Can move it to the profile connector.

Author: Wait, we still need to run `GRANT SELECT ON pg_catalog.svv_table_info TO metaphor;` in all databases. So keep it?

Reviewer: `pg_catalog` is database-specific?

Author: Yes, just verified.

### Redshift Spectrum

To extract metadata from external tables, we use `'SVV EXTERNAL_*`.

> According to this [document](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/r_SVV_EXTERNAL_TABLES.html), if using a normal user in this connector,

Reviewer: To extract metadata from external tables from `SVV_EXTERNAL_*`, you must grant non-admin users `USAGE` privilege to the external schema (see [this](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/r_SVV_EXTERNAL_TABLES.html) for more details):

```
Example command
```

Author: Updated

>  external tables must be granted 'SELECT' privilege and external schemas must be granted 'USAGE' privilege.

Reviewer: Do you really need both? Wouldn't USAGE on schema alone sufficie?

Author: You're correct. `USAGE` is sufficient.

> Note: If the Redshift cluster contains more than one database, you must grant the permission in all databases. Alternatively, you can limit the connector to a subset of databases using the [filter configuration](../common/docs/filter.md).

### Redshift Spectrum

> To extract metadata from external tables from `SVV_EXTERNAL_*`, you must grant non-admin users USAGE privilege to the external schema (see [this](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/r_SVV_EXTERNAL_TABLES.html) for more details):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To extract external tables' metadata from `SVV_EXTERNAL_*`, you must grant non-admin users `USAGE` privilege to the corresponding external schemas (see [this page](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/r_SVV_EXTERNAL_TABLES.html) for more details):
```

```SQL

> GRANT USAGE ON SCHEMA [external_schema] TO [user];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GRANT USAGE ON SCHEMA <external_schema> TO metaphor;
```

For consistency
